Blackjack (21)
--------------------------


Implement a program that plays the game of Blackjack. The user will be the single player in the game, and the computer will be the dealer. Use 
the game rules specified below. The purpose of this project is to demonstrate your logic and programming skills, and is not intended to endorse 
any form of gambling whatsoever, legal or otherwise.

Rules of the Game

Basics

The player competes against the dealer. The objective of the game is to have a higher point total than the dealer without going over 21. 
Each ace counts as either 1 point or 11 points, face cards (kings, queens, jacks) count 10 points each, and all other cards (2 through 9) count 
their face value. This blackjack game will be played with a single deck of 52 cards at a time.

Betting

Before the deal, the player places a bet. The player may bet any amount from $1 to $100. When a player's bank account is zero or negative the game 
is over. The player starts the game with $500. Of course, we are dealing with only imaginary money for this project.

Game Play

At the beginning of each game the cards are shuffled. At the beginning of each hand, the dealer deals two cards to the player and two cards to 
himself. The player's cards are dealt face up, while one of the dealer's cards is dealt face up and the other is face down. After the deal, the 
dealer asks the player whether they want an additional card. The player may "Stand" -- play just the two cards originally dealt or may "Hit"-- take 
another card. After being dealt an additional card, the player may stop or may take still another card. A player may take as many cards as they want,
but as soon as the player's total equals or exceeds 21, the game is over. If the players total exceeds 21 then the player loses -- regardless of 
what the dealer has. If the players hand equals 21, then the player has won (unless the dealers total is also 21). After the player stands, the 
dealer's remaining card is exposed. The dealer must then hit or stand according to these rules: 1. The dealer must count an ace as 11 points, 
unless this causes the dealer to bust. Then the dealer must count the ace as 1 point. 2. If the dealer has a total of 17 points or more, he must 
stand. 3. If the dealer has a total of less than 17 points, he must hit. If the dealer "busts" by going over 21, the player wins. In case of 
a tie (known as a push), the player's bet is returned (no money changes hands). If a player's or the dealer's first two cards total 21 (an ace and 
a 10 or face card), the holding is known as a blackjack. A player with blackjack is paid extra -- one-and-a-half times the original bet -- unless 
the dealer also has blackjack, in which case the player loses. The player may leave the game between any hands. This version of blackjack will not 
implement rules for doubling down, splitting, or insurance.

Make sure that your project can run as a standalone project (including the card images).
